= RDoc::Rails
This package adds Rails-specific information to RDoc generated docs on Rails
projects. It could be particularly useful for people wanting to document Rails
applications for internal use within a team of developers. It includes
<tt>RDoc::Parser::Rails</tt> based on <tt>RDoc::Parser::Ruby</tt> as well as
<tt>RDoc::Generator::Railsfish</tt> based on <tt>RDoc::Generator::Darkfish</tt>

== Installation
Currently, this is written as a Rails plugin, although I will look into
packaging it as a gem as well. It works with RDoc version 2.4.3, the most
current version as of August, 2009. I have tested it only with Rails 2.0, but I
would expect it to work for projects written in earlier and later versions of
Rails as well.

To install as a Rails plugin, try some variation on one of the following:
  ruby script/plugin install git://github.com/chinasaur/rdoc_rails.git
  ruby script/plugin install http://github.com/chinasaur/rdoc_rails.git
  ruby script/plugin install http://github.com/chinasaur/rdoc_rails.git/

You may then need/want to rename the directory
<tt>vendor/plugins/rdoc_rails.git/</tt> to just +rdoc_rails+

After that, you should be good to go.  The standard
 > rake doc:app
or
 > rake doc:reapp
should now run the Rails customized version of RDoc.

== Features
Right now there are just two basic features above and beyond the standard Ruby
RDoc:

1. Documentation for ActiveRecord associations on Models
2. Documentation for methods delegated to other models through the +delegate+ method.

But the infrastructure is all there to make it straightforward to parse
additional features in Rails code and generate documentation based on those
parsings.

== Contributing
I will try to document things better to make it easy for others to contribute
additional documentation features. For now, get in touch if you have any
questions and fork away.

== License http://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/3.0/us/80x15.png
Rdoc::Rails is released under a {Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States
License}[http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/us/]. Please credit me
somewhere in your project's documentation if you are using this.


